User Story / Gameplay

Describe the gameplay:
Pong is a two player game where each user controls a paddle that moves vertically.
Their goal is to hit the other players wall, that theyre defending, with a ball to score a point.
The ball bounces back and forth from each paddle, the top wall, and the bottom wall.


What are the conditions when the game begins? 
The ball starts moving and randomly and players start with zero points.

Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?
The game ends when whichever player reaches 11 points first. That player then wins the game.

What ifs will there be?
if the ball hits the top and bottom wall , let it bounce 
if the ball hits the left and right wall , add a point and reset the ball
if the score reaches 11 , announce who won and make a reset game button appear
if the ball hits the paddles , make them bounceback 
if you use the top and bottom arrow keys and the w and s keys , let the paddles move up and down

Visual Game Components:

What are the visual game components? For example, in Bouncing Box, the game components were the
board and the box.
The paddles, the ball, the board, the scoreboard.

Which will be static? (the board) the board will be static (does the scoreboard count too? or
does it not count because it has to change numbers...)

Which will be animated? (the box) The ball and paddles will be animated.

What data will you need to manage each game component? For example, in Bouncing Box, the data 
values were positionX, speedX, and points.
ball = speedX speedY positionX positionY  
paddles = speedX speedY positionX positionY
board = boardWidth boardHeight
scoreboard = pointsPlayer1 pointsPlayer2



Events / Logic

What events will occur in this game? (timer events, keyboard events, clicking events?)
start game button
reset game button 
w & s for paddle 1 , up and down arrow keys for paddle 2
scoring
game end (max score)

How do those events affect the data of the program?
start game will allow the ball to start to move . 
reset game will affect the data of the ball, paddles, and scoreboard
the keyboard events will affect the data of the paddles
scoring will affect the data of the scoreboard
game end will affect the same things as reset game

For each "event", write out the high-level logic of what will happen. It is better (and tricky) 
to be as specific as you can while remaining high-level!

if i click the reset game button , the ball, paddles, and scoreboard will reset to their default
positions. 
if i click the start game button in the middle of the screen , the ball will start to 
move randomly in a random direction.
if i press the W key , the left paddle will move up a little
if i press the up arrow key , the right paddle will move up a little 
if i press the down arrow key , the right paddle will move down a little 
if i press the s key , the left paddle will move down a little
if the ball hits the left wall , player two recieves an additional point. 
if the ball hits the right wall , player one recieves an additional point.
if the score reaches 11 , a clickable reset game button will appear
if i click the reset game button , the start game button will reappear.